My outcome what I want is: A working MT5 bot running 24/7 on my windows VM. For now I don't want all the discord implementation. I only want to use Discord to gives commands / backtest / challenge and / output. The MT5 bot should be running 24/7 based upon the the strategy that is used in / backtest & / challenge. So that / backtest and / challenge are a direct an reliable source for future trades, thus is the strategy also a reliable trading bot. For example I want the bot to run for a couple of days. I want to see the outcome in MT5 and if I then do / backtest Dec 3 2024 - Dec 5 2024 ( for example, this should be the example input) it should give the same outcome as the actual trades. Also keep the other / backtest commands so I can check previous trades going back all the way to 2003 if possible. Use Dukascopy price data for this. Keep the / challenge commands and outputs the same. Next I want replit to give me the full uncondensed detailed steps on how to deploy this bot 24/7 using my windows VM. I will not pay for replit or anything else except windows VM which I already have. So basically, the strategy seems to be working already based upon the backtest. I just need to test this live with a demo account. Everything from the strategy should thus be kept the same, as well as how it trades, which lot size, how the risk management works, and this is normally already based upon a 5%ers challenge high stakes 10K account. Do a check up that in never breaches any rules of the challenge, even when multiple trades are open, even before opening a new trade it should keep that in mind that if a stoploss hits, it manages others trades. This is really importantn. You know how I want this bot to be working. It should delete all unnesseray files and also auto scans and stuff in discord, also that it triggers trades in the discord. The main focus now is that the bot is running in MT5 and actually passes challenges. So I need to also have a command or something that it checks when it started a challenge from trade 1 in the MT5 and it should give the update, if it is in process, how many trades have been made and the outcome and where the challenge stands. If it is still running step 1, or if it finished with step 1 and now running step 2. And if both are completed. All trades should also be seen in the MT5 demo environment. It's hard to explain, so I want you to figure out what I exactly want and how it should actually be better to how to set all these up. You can improvise and add, in how this would be easiest to deploy and check if everything runs correctly. So analyze this first, then do your research, come up with an uncondensed plan and then an uncondensed replit prompt that I can add to the free version of replit, so it's actually perfect with one prompt, as I will run out of tokens after one prompt. Replit has to explain the uncondensed steps to deploy this 24/7 on my windows VM, and check if I can use discord as well 24/7 while replit is not even running because I do not want to pay a single penny anymore. Only my VM is paid for and I already have this. If I in the future use another replit account to make updates, it should be as easy to update the github and then push the github into windows VM so it's easily updated and up and running again, if you get what I mean